    The program manages students' GPAs and stores them into two parralel arrays. The program gives a menu to the users with 5 options: Add a student with their respective GPA, update a student's GPA, print all the student's and their corresponding GPA, compute the average of the student's GPA as an integer, and quit the program. 
    The main() function creates two arrays, 1 array is an array of char* pointers, while the other array is an array of duobles to hold the student's GPAs. When the program is ran, it asks the user for their chioce out of the 5 options. 
    In choice 1: I created a string variable to hold the user input of the name and a double variable to hold the user input of the GPA. Then I dynamically allocated space on the heap to store the student's name as a char array, and call addStudent(). We first check to see if the size of the current array of students if full, if it is, then we throw an exception saying the list is full. If not, then we add the pointer to the dynamically allocated array into the array of char pointers pointing to the student's names, and the GPA into the gpas array. 
    In choice 2: I created an int variable for the index of GPA  in the gpas array, then a double variable for the actual GPA of the student and ran updateGPA(). We first check to see if pointer to the gpa isn't null, which means if there's even a gpa at that index. If not, then we just assign the new gpa value to that index. 
    In choice 3: I just iterate through the the parralel arrays and do printStudent(). Which just prints the student's name and their GPA into the console. 
    In choice 4. I just print out the result of averageGPA(), if there's an error from it, then we print the error. Within averageGPA(), we check to see if there's even anything in the arrays. If not, then we throw an exception. If there is, then we create a double variable to hold the sum of all GPAs, while iterating through the gpas array, we add them to the double variable. Then we return the result of the sum / size as an int. 
    In choice 5. We just quit the program.
    At the end, I itereated through the array of pointers, and freed up the memory. 
